Some clarifications in documentation of File-Based Access Control (#19861)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/security/file-system-access-control.md

specify who can create, drop, alter, select, insert, delete, etc. for schemas
and tables.

> For each rule set, permission is based on the first matching rule read from top

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each rule set, permission is based on the first matching rule read from the top
```

> to bottom. If no rule matches, access is denied. If no rules are provided at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the bottom of the configuration file. If no rule matches, access is denied. If no rules are provided at
```

> all, then access is granted. If the latter behavior is not desired, it's easy to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all, then access is granted. You can remove access grant
```

> remove it by adding a section with empty set of rules at that particular level,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 by adding a section with an empty set of rules at that particular level, 
```

> e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for example:
```

```json
{
  "schemas": []
}
```

> At the catalog level one would have to add a single "dummy" rule for each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the catalog level you have to add a single "dummy" rule for each
```

> accessible catalog, though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accessible catalog.
```
